I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
A glittering gem is not enough.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
Two seats were vacant.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
She was too short to see over the fence.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
There's a message for you if you look up.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.